SOCIAL-MEDIA-TEXT-ANALYSIS
Abstract— The significance of text analysis on 
social media has grown in relation to 
comprehending market dynamics, sentiment 
trends, and user behaviour. We provide a fresh 
technique to social media analysis using the 
Streamlit framework and Python in answer to 
this demand. In order to give comprehensive 
answers to the many challenges of social media 
analysis, our system incorporates multiple 
APIs, such as the VADER Sentiment Analysis 
for sentiment evaluation, the PRAW for Reddit 
data extraction, and the Gemini API for 
automated text production and translation. 
Through real-time text correction, sentiment 
analysis, and language translation capabilities, 
our project enables rapid trend analysis, 
sentiment monitoring, and cross-lingual 
communication while offering enterprises, 
researchers, and analyst's useful data.
Keywords— NLP, Emotions, Reddit, Visual, 
Interactions.


The "Social Media Text Analysis" project aims to extract insights from Reddit using advanced NLP for sentiment analysis, auto-generation, and auto-correction. It focuses on understanding user sentiments, generating contextually relevant text, and improving overall content quality to enhance the Reddit user experience.
